README.md, before:

# CSC3003S ASD Notes 
Advanced Software Development (ASD) notes made for the course CSC3003S at UCT.

This is a collection of notes I have made for my third year computer science course at the University of Cape Town. I generally summarized the slides, and added content that I deemed valuable or interesting. Hence, these notes were taken & adapted from slides and lectures created by the following people:
* [Edwin Blake](https://people.cs.uct.ac.za/~edwin/)
* [Melissa Densmore](http://ict4d.cs.uct.ac.za/user/10)
* [JonJon Clark](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-clark-637344143/)
* Gary Stewart

## Sections
1. [Introduction](ASD00.md)
2. [Background](ASD01.md) <- not completed
3. [Project Management](ASD02.md)
4. [Project Management Methods](ASD03.md)
5. [Agile Development Methodologies](ASD04.md)
6. [Scrum](ASD05.md)
7. [Prototypes](ASD06.md)
8. [UML For Architecture](ASD07.md)
9. [Architecture & Patterns](ASD08.md)
10. [Application Architectures](ASD09.md)
11. [Design Patterns](ASD10.md)
12. [Open Source Software Development](ASD11.md)

**Please Note**
I am currently struggling to get tables to render on Github pages. I recommend using the [Github](https://github.com/AngusTheMack/ASD-Notes/) version of these notes.

The general topics covered during this period of the course were:
1. O-O & UML
2. Project Management
3. Software Development Methodologies
4. Agile Software Development
5. Software Development with SCRUM
6. Case Study: SCRUM in Game Development
7. UML, Patterns and Architecture
8. Software Architecture
9. Design Patterns
10. Open Source
11. Validation/Verification

Commit message:

added key terms and summaries to readme

README.md, after:

# CSC3003S ASD Notes 
Advanced Software Development (ASD) notes made for the course CSC3003S at UCT.

This is a collection of notes I have made for my third year computer science course at the University of Cape Town. I generally summarized the slides, and added content that I deemed valuable or interesting. Hence, these notes were taken & adapted from slides and lectures created by the following people:
* [Edwin Blake](https://people.cs.uct.ac.za/~edwin/)
* [Melissa Densmore](http://ict4d.cs.uct.ac.za/user/10)
* [JonJon Clark](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-clark-637344143/)
* Gary Stewart

## Sections
1. [Introduction](ASD00.md)
2. [Background](ASD01.md) <- not completed
3. [Project Management](ASD02.md)
4. [Project Management Methods](ASD03.md)
5. [Agile Development Methodologies](ASD04.md)
6. [Scrum](ASD05.md)
7. [Prototypes](ASD06.md)
8. [UML For Architecture](ASD07.md)
9. [Architecture & Patterns](ASD08.md)
10. [Application Architectures](ASD09.md)
11. [Design Patterns](ASD10.md)
12. [Open Source Software Development](ASD11.md)

**Please Note**
I am currently struggling to get tables to render on Github pages. I recommend using the [Github](https://github.com/AngusTheMack/ASD-Notes/) version of these notes.

## Notes
Here are some basic summarizations I am still working on:
 [Summary](Summary.md)
 [Key Terms](keyTerms.md)
 ## PDFs
[@Jethro](https://github.com/mlljet002) Added the [PDFs](/PDFs) folder if you want to print the documents -> Although there seems to be an issue with some table rendering.


The general topics covered during this period of the course were:
1. O-O & UML
2. Project Management
3. Software Development Methodologies
4. Agile Software Development
5. Software Development with SCRUM
6. Case Study: SCRUM in Game Development
7. UML, Patterns and Architecture
8. Software Architecture
9. Design Patterns
10. Open Source
11. Validation/Verification
